p9: Gedo, Bakool, Hiran, Lower Shabelle - no surveys: "surveys could not be conducted in December 2011 due to poor access" (also p10: "for security reasons"); likely Very Critical inferred from health facility and feeding programme data only.
p9: Southern Somalia (other than Mogadishu IDP and urban) - "Due to security restrictions, updated nutrition and mortality data was not collected in December 2011".
p10: Other urban livelihood zones of southern regions - "Due to security reasons, it was not possible to undertake nutrition surveys in the other urban livelihoods zones of southern regions".
p27: Gedo (Pastoral, Agro-pastoral, Riverine) - surveys conducted October-December 2011 "did not meet the required quality for publication"; no results published (Table 6 has HIS/food security indicators only).
p35: Bakool (Agropastoral and Pastoral) - surveys in October 2011 "did not meet the required quality standards for publication"; only partner MUAC screening of pastoral population (Sept 2011) reported (recorded as a MUAC rapid row).
p36: Bay Agropastoral - survey data "of substandard quality", actual GAM point prevalence not published; only approximate ~30% GAM and ~7% SAM given (recorded as such, no CI). No other Bay livelihood zones surveyed.
p41: Lower Shabelle (agro-pastoral and riverine) - "Due to the lack of access for security reasons, no surveys were conducted in November/December '11"; Table 11 gives HIS trends only.
p41: Middle Shabelle Agropastoral and Riverine - surveys in August and October 2011 "did not meet the required quality standard and therefore the actual GAM point prevalence cannot be published"; approximate GAM only (>30% and ~20%) recorded.
p43: Afgoye IDPs - "No surveys were conducted among the Afgoye IDP populations this season, due to security concerns".
p47: Hiran region - "No surveys were conducted in the region during the Deyr '11/12 season due to inaccessibility as a result of insecurity" (Table 15 lists only HIS trends; the July 2011 Hiran riverine survey mentioned in the text belongs to the previous season and was not recorded).
p18: Coastal Deeh and Cowpea Belt of Central regions - "it was not possible to collect nutrition survey data, nor any secondary data" (cowpea belt and Coastal Deeh pastoral of Central; p50 "No assessment was conducted in the cowpea agro-pastoral and Coastal Deeh pastoral livelihoods of Central Somalia").
p18: "With the exception of the Coastal Deeh, Cowpea Belt of Galgaduud and Mudug regions in Central Somalia, Gedo, Bakool, Hiran, and Lower Shabelle, all population groups were assessed during this period."
p63: Margaga IDPs - "the IDPs in Margaga were sampled and assessed together with Galkayo IDPs, given the population number was small" (no separate Margaga survey this round).
